Add Changesets and GitHub Actions release workflow (#5800)
Shopify/polaris: documentation/Releasing.md

# Releasing

> Polaris uses Changsets to handle releasing the following npm packages:
> 
> - [polaris-icons](/polaris-icons)
> - [polaris-react](/polaris-react)
> - [polaris-tokens](/polaris-tokens)
> - [stylelint-polaris](/stylelint-polaris)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Polaris uses Changsets to handle releasing the npm packages in repository.
```

I think focusing this on releasing NPM packages makes it easier to add more NPM packages and not worry about docs.
